oob = "BLR_2022"

capital = 29

set_research_slots = 3

set_stability = 0.70

set_war_support = 0.30

add_political_power = 0

set_convoys = 0

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 11
	communism = 4
	fascism = 9
	neutrality = 76
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "2019.04.21"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = Yes
}

recruit_character = lukashenko
recruit_character = gaidyk
recruit_character = kostusev
recruit_character = golovchenko
recruit_character = snopkov
recruit_character = sergeenko
recruit_character = kallaur
recruit_character = gusakov
recruit_character = sivak
recruit_character = parhomchik
recruit_character = petrishenko
recruit_character = zayats
recruit_character = bogdanov
recruit_character = hrenin
recruit_character = zhuk
recruit_character = burdyko
recruit_character = simonenko
recruit_character = gulevich
recruit_character = lukyanovich
recruit_character = frolov
recruit_character = miholach
recruit_character = bulavko
recruit_character = soiko
recruit_character = peiganovich
recruit_character = victor_khrenin
recruit_character = alexander_volfovich
recruit_character = stanislav_zas
recruit_character = victor_gulevich
recruit_character = oleg_belokonev
recruit_character = ivan_tertel
recruit_character = valery_vakulchik
recruit_character = yuri_karaev
recruit_character = ivan_kubrakov

add_ideas = {
	BLR_last_european_dictatorship
	BLR_repressive_machine_2
	BLR_destroyed_opposition
	BLR_economic_dependence_on_russia
	BLR_inefficient_state_capitalism
	BLR_volunteers
}

set_country_flag = { 
flag = kostusev_in_prison
days = 248
value = 1
}

set_variable = {
	var = BLR_opposition_activity_var
	value = 1.5
}

update_BLR_opposition_activity_var_effects = yes

add_dynamic_modifier = {
	modifier = BLR_opposition_activity
}

add_named_threat = {
	threat = 2
	name = UKR_crisis
}

set_technology = {

	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	infantry_weapons2 = 1
	infantry_anti_tank = 1
	infantry_anti_tank_1 = 1
	infantry_anti_air = 1
	infantry_anti_air_1 = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_maintenance_company = 1
	tech_field_hospital = 1
	tech_logistics_company = 1
	tech_signal_company = 1
	main_battle_tank_chassis = 1
	artillery1 = 1
	artillery2 = 1
	heavy_artillery1 = 1
	SPA1 = 1
	MRL1 = 1
	LRAA1 = 1
	MRAA1 = 1
	rus_tank_t72a = 1
	tank_t72b = 1 
	tank_t72b3 = 1
	bmp_1p = 1
	bmp_1m = 1
	bmp_2 = 1
	btr_70 = 1
	btr_80 = 1
	car_k43269 = 1
		tech_engineering = 1
	tech_ARV = 1
	tech_AMV = 1
	tech_sniper = 1
	tools_1 = 1
	railroad_1 = 1
	railroad_2 = 1
	railroad_train1 = 1
	construction_1 = 1
	excavation_1 = 1
	oil_1 = 1
	oil_2 = 1 
	rubber_processing_1 = 1
	construction_3 = 1
}